Update faq.md (#983)
meilisearch/documentation: resources/faq.md

## What are the recommended requirements for hosting a MeiliSearch instance?

**The short answer: we don't know yet!**

> Indexing documents is a highly complex process, making it difficult to accurately estimate the size and memory use of a MeiliSearch database. In addition, our engine is improving almost constantly.

Reviewer: Isn't `almost constantly` a borderline contradiction in terms? If the problem is that some updates actually cause performance regressions (and thus we're not *improving* constantly), perhaps we can do something like:

```suggestion
Indexing documents is a highly complex process, making it difficult to accurately estimate the size and memory use of a MeiliSearch database. At this stage, our engine is changing constantly, which means benchmarks are constantly out of date.
```

Author: Nice change, thanks! 😄

> Indexing documents is a highly complex process, making it difficult to accurately estimate the size and memory use of a MeiliSearch database. At this stage, our engine is changing constantly, which means benchmarks are constantly out of date.

Reviewer: Oops, my bad, repeated constantly.

```suggestion
Indexing documents is a highly complex process, making it difficult to accurately estimate the size and memory use of a MeiliSearch database. At this stage, our engine is changing constantly, which means benchmarks are often out of date.
```

Author: I prefer it the way it is 😁
